konkurenc/konkurenč + e, i/ní, ního
privatizač/privatizac + ní, ního/e, i
informač/informac + ní, ního/e, i
organizač/organizac + ní/e, i
identifikač/identifikac + ní/e, i
investic/investič + e, i/ní
likvidac/likvidač + e/ní, ního
korespondenc/korespondenč + e, i/ní
financ/finanč + e/ní, ního
památk/památek + ách, u, ami, ové, y/0
ekonomic/ekonomik + e/u, ami, a, y
zásilek/zásilk/zásilc + 0/u, a, y/e
otázk/otázek + u, a, y/0
poptávc/poptávk + e/u, a, y
pohledávk/pohledávek + ách, u, y/0
dodávk/dodávek + u, a, y/0
republic/republik + e/u, a, y
novink/novinek + u, ách, y/0
přihlášk/přihlášek + u, a, y/0
sázk/sázek + u, a, y/0
přestávk/přestávek + u, a, y/0
částk/částc + u, a, y/e
zkoušk/zkoušek + ách, u, y/0
technic/technik + e/u, ami, a, y
čtenářc/čtenářk + e/u, a, y
politic/politik + e/u, a, y
zakázk/zakázek + ách, u, ami, ové, y/0
nabídk/nabídek/nabídc + ách, u, a, ové, y/0/e
výrobek/výrobk + 0/em, ů, ový, y
výsledek/výsledk + 0/ů, em, y
celek/celk + 0/ů, em, y
padělek/padělk + 0/em, ů, y
výdělek/výdělk + 0/ů, em, y
posudk/posudek + em, ů, y/0
